doc: add vignette section about prettifying logic (#121)
gdrplatform/gDRutils: vignettes/gDRutils.Rmd

validate_SE(se)
```

There is also a group of functions to validate data used in the gDR application:

* is_combo_data
* has_single_codrug_data
* has_valid_codrug_data
* get_additional_variables

## Prettifying

> Prettifying involves transforming data into more descriptive and human-readable version. This is particularly useful for front-end applications where user-friendly names are preferred over technical or abbreviated terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prettifying involves transforming data into a more descriptive and human-readable version. This is particularly useful for front-end applications where user-friendly names are preferred over technical or abbreviated terms.
```

In gdrplatform there are two entities that can be prettified:

* colnames of data.tables 
* assay names

### Colnames of data.table(s)

One can prettify the columns of the data.table(s) with a single function called `prettify_flat_metrics`.

```
dt <- get_testdata()[["raw_data"]]
colnames(dt)
prettify_flat_metrics(colnames(dt), human_readable = TRUE)
```

> The `prettify_flat_metrics` function is in fact a wrapper of the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prettify_flat_metrics` function is in fact a wrapper for the following actions:
```

* conversion of the normalization-specific metric names via the `.convert_norm_specific_metrics` function
* moving the GDS source info to the end of the column name via the `.prettify_GDS_columns` 
* prettifying the metadata columns via the `.prettify_metadata_columns` function 
* prettifying the metric columns via the `.prettify_metric_columns` function 
* prettifying the co-treatment column names. via the `.prettify_cotreatment_columns` 
* minor corrections (removal of 'gDR' and  "_" prefixes, removal of spaces at the end/beginning, other)

In case of data.table(s) with combo excess and score assays some of the columns are prettified with the dedicated helper functions instead of using `prettify_flat_metrics`:

* get_combo_excess_field_names()
* get_combo_score_field_names() 

These helpers depend on the DATA_COMBO_INFO_TBL, (gDRutils) internal data.table.

### Assay names

> The function 'get_assay_names' is the primary solution that allows getting prettified version of the assay names. It wraps the `get_env_assay_names` function which is dependent on ASSAY_INFO_TBL, (gDRutils) internal data.table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function `get_assay_names` is the primary solution that allows getting prettified version of the assay names. It wraps the `get_env_assay_names` function which is dependent on ASSAY_INFO_TBL, (gDRutils) internal data.table.
```

> The function `get_assay_names` is the primary solution that allows getting prettified version of the assay names. It wraps the `get_env_assay_names` function which is dependent on ASSAY_INFO_TBL, (gDRutils) internal data.table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function `get_assay_names` is the primary solution for obtaining prettified versions of the assay names. It wraps the `get_env_assay_names` function which depends on ASSAY_INFO_TBL, (gDRutils) internal data.table.
```

> There are some functions that wrap the `get_assay_names` function in case of the combo data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some functions that wrap the `get_assay_names` function for combo data:
```
